modules/editor/README.md, before:

Editor
======

Sets key bindings.

Settings
--------

### Key bindings

To enable key bindings, add the following to *zpreztorc*, and replace 'bindings'
with 'emacs' or 'vi'.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor' key-bindings 'bindings'

### Dot Expansion

To enable the auto conversion of .... to ../.., add the following to
*zpreztorc*.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor' dot-expansion 'yes'

Theming
-------

To indicate when the editor is in the primary keymap (emacs or viins), add
the following to your `theme_prompt_setup` function.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor:info:keymap:primary' format '>>>'

To indicate when the editor is in the primary keymap (emacs or viins) insert
mode, add the following to your `theme_prompt_setup` function.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor:info:keymap:primary:insert' format 'I'

To indicate when the editor is in the primary keymap (emacs or viins) overwrite
mode, add the following to your `theme_prompt_setup` function.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor:info:keymap:primary:overwrite' format 'O'

To indicate when the editor is in the alternate keymap (vicmd), add the
following to your `theme_prompt_setup` function.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor:info:keymap:alternate' format '<<<'

To indicate when the editor is completing, add the following to your
`theme_prompt_setup` function.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor:info:completing' format '...'

Then add `$editor_info[context]`, where context is *keymap*, *insert*, or
*overwrite*, to `$PROMPT` or `$RPROMPT`.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][1].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)

[1]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/oh-my-zsh/issues

Commit message:

Adds additional support for PS prompt context expansion

modules/editor/README.md, after:

Editor
======

Sets key bindings.

Settings
--------

### Key bindings

To enable key bindings, add the following to *zpreztorc*, and replace 'bindings'
with 'emacs' or 'vi'.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor' key-bindings 'bindings'

### Dot Expansion

To enable the auto conversion of .... to ../.., add the following to
*zpreztorc*.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor' dot-expansion 'yes'

### PS Context

To enable the prompt context to be set, add the following to your
*zpreztorc*.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor' ps-context 'yes'

Theming
-------

To indicate when the editor is in the primary keymap (emacs or viins), add
the following to your `theme_prompt_setup` function.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor:info:keymap:primary' format '>>>'

To indicate when the editor is in the primary keymap (emacs or viins) insert
mode, add the following to your `theme_prompt_setup` function.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor:info:keymap:primary:insert' format 'I'

To indicate when the editor is in the primary keymap (emacs or viins) overwrite
mode, add the following to your `theme_prompt_setup` function.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor:info:keymap:primary:overwrite' format 'O'

To indicate when the editor is in the alternate keymap (vicmd), add the
following to your `theme_prompt_setup` function.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor:info:keymap:alternate' format '<<<'

To indicate when the editor is completing, add the following to your
`theme_prompt_setup` function.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:editor:info:completing' format '...'

Then add `$editor_info[context]`, where context is *keymap*, *insert*, or
*overwrite*, to `$PROMPT` or `$RPROMPT`.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][1].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)

[1]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/oh-my-zsh/issues
