modules/tmux/README.md, before:

Tmux
====

Defines [tmux][1] aliases and provides for auto launching it at start-up.

Settings
--------

### Auto-Start

Starts a tmux session automatically when Zsh is launched.

To enable this feature when launching Zsh in a local terminal, add the
following line to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:tmux:auto-start' local 'yes'

To enable this feature when launching Zsh in a SSH connection, add the
following line to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:tmux:auto-start' remote 'yes'

In both cases, it will create a background session named _prezto_ if the tmux
server is not started.

With `auto-start` enabled, you may want to control how multiple sessions are
managed. The `destroy-unattached` option of tmux controls if the unattached
sessions must be kept alive, making sessions available for later use, configured
in *tmux.conf*:

    set-option -g destroy-unattached [on | off]

#### iTerm2 Integration

[iTerm2][6] offers significant integration with tmux. This can be enabled by
adding the following line to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:tmux:iterm' integrate 'yes'

Read [iTerm2 and tmux Integration][7] for more information.

Aliases
-------

  - `tmuxa` attaches or switches to a tmux session.
  - `tmuxl` lists sessions managed by the tmux server.

Caveats
-------

On Mac OS X, launching tmux can cause the error **launch_msg(...): Socket is not
connected** to be displayed, which can be fixed by installing
[reattach-to-user-namespace][3], available in [Homebrew][4], and adding the
following to *tmux.conf*:

    set-option -g default-command "reattach-to-user-namespace -l $SHELL -l"

Furthermore, tmux is known to cause **kernel panics** on Mac OS X. A discussion
about this and Prezto has already been [opened][2].

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][5].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)
  - [Colin Hebert](https://github.com/ColinHebert)
  - [Georges Discry](https://github.com/gdiscry)
  - [Xavier Cambar](https://github.com/xcambar)

[1]: http://tmux.sourceforge.net
[2]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues/62
[3]: https://github.com/ChrisJohnsen/tmux-MacOSX-pasteboard
[4]: https://github.com/mxcl/homebrew
[5]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
[6]: http://iterm2.com
[7]: https://gitlab.com/gnachman/iterm2/wikis/TmuxIntegration

Commit message:

Add the ability to specify tmux session name

modules/tmux/README.md, after:

Tmux
====

Defines [tmux][1] aliases and provides for auto launching it at start-up.

Settings
--------

### Auto-Start

Starts a tmux session automatically when Zsh is launched.

To enable this feature when launching Zsh in a local terminal, add the
following line to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:tmux:auto-start' local 'yes'

To enable this feature when launching Zsh in a SSH connection, add the
following line to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:tmux:auto-start' remote 'yes'

In both cases, it will create a background session named _prezto_ if the tmux
server is not started.

You can change the default session name with:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:tmux' session 'YOUR DEFAULT SESSION NAME'

With `auto-start` enabled, you may want to control how multiple sessions are
managed. The `destroy-unattached` option of tmux controls if the unattached
sessions must be kept alive, making sessions available for later use, configured
in *tmux.conf*:

    set-option -g destroy-unattached [on | off]

#### iTerm2 Integration

[iTerm2][6] offers significant integration with tmux. This can be enabled by
adding the following line to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:tmux:iterm' integrate 'yes'

Read [iTerm2 and tmux Integration][7] for more information.

Aliases
-------

  - `tmuxa` attaches or switches to a tmux session.
  - `tmuxl` lists sessions managed by the tmux server.

Caveats
-------

On Mac OS X, launching tmux can cause the error **launch_msg(...): Socket is not
connected** to be displayed, which can be fixed by installing
[reattach-to-user-namespace][3], available in [Homebrew][4], and adding the
following to *tmux.conf*:

    set-option -g default-command "reattach-to-user-namespace -l $SHELL -l"

Furthermore, tmux is known to cause **kernel panics** on Mac OS X. A discussion
about this and Prezto has already been [opened][2].

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][5].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)
  - [Colin Hebert](https://github.com/ColinHebert)
  - [Georges Discry](https://github.com/gdiscry)
  - [Xavier Cambar](https://github.com/xcambar)

[1]: http://tmux.sourceforge.net
[2]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues/62
[3]: https://github.com/ChrisJohnsen/tmux-MacOSX-pasteboard
[4]: https://github.com/mxcl/homebrew
[5]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
[6]: http://iterm2.com
[7]: https://gitlab.com/gnachman/iterm2/wikis/TmuxIntegration
