modules/python/README.md, before:

Python
======

Enables local Python and local Python package installation.

Local Python Installation
-------------------------

[pyenv][4] builds and installs multiple Python versions locally in the home
directory.

This module prepends the pyenv directory to the path variable to enable the
execution of `pyenv`.

### Usage

Install Python versions with `pyenv install` into `~/.pyenv/versions`.

Local Package Installation
--------------------------

Since version 2.6, Python supports per user package installation, as defined in
[PEP 370][1].

This module prepends per user site directories to the relevant path variables
to enable the execution of user installed scripts and the reading of
documentation.

### Usage

Install packages into the per user site directory with `pip install --user`.

virtualenvwrapper
-----------------

[`virtualenvwrapper`][2] is a frontend to the popular [`virtualenv`][3] utility.

`virtualenv` creates isolated Python environments and `virtualenvwrapper` provides
convenient shell functions to create, switch, and manage them.

### Usage

Install `virtualenvwrapper`.

Virtual environments are stored in `~/.virtualenvs`.

There are configuration variables that have to be set to enable certain features.
If you wish to use these features, export the variables in [`zshenv`][6].

The variable `$PROJECT_HOME` tells `virtualenvwrapper` where to place project
working directories. It must be set and the directory created before `mkproject`
is used. Replace *Developer* with your projects directory.

```sh
export PROJECT_HOME="$HOME/Developer"
```

The variable `VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_PYTHON` tells `virtualenvwrapper` to use the
specified full path of the `python` interpreter overriding the `$PATH` search.

```sh
export VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_PYTHON=/usr/local/bin/python
```

The variable `VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_VIRTUALENV` tells `virtualenvwrapper` to use the
specified full path of `virtualenv` binary overriding the `$PATH` search.

```sh
export VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_VIRTUALENV=/usr/local/bin/virtualenv
```

The variable `$VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_VIRTUALENV_ARGS` tells `virtualenvwrapper` what
arguments to pass to `virtualenv`. For example, set the value to
`--system-site-packages` to ensure that all new environments have access to the
system site-packages directory.

```sh
export VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_VIRTUALENV_ARGS='--system-site-packages'
```

### Additional Options

There is a hook to enable auto-switching to virtualenvs when switching into a
directory where the root of the project matches a virtualenv name.

This can be enabled with:

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:python:virtualenv' auto-switch 'yes'
```

`virtualenvwrapper` is automatically initialized if pre-requisites are met
(`$VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_VIRTUALENV` is explicitly set or `virtualenv` is in
`$PATH`). This can be disabled with:

```
zstyle ':prezto:module:python:virtualenv' initialize 'no'
```

Aliases
-------

  - `py` is short for `python`.
  - `py2` is short for `python2`.
  - `py3` is short for `python3`.

Functions
---------

  - `python-info` exposes information about the Python environment via the
    `$python_info` associative array.

Theming
-------

To display the name of the current virtual enviroment in a prompt, define the
following style in the `prompt_name_setup` function.

    # %v - virtualenv name.
    zstyle ':prezto:module:python:info:virtualenv' format 'virtualenv:%v'

Then add `$python_info[virtualenv]` to `$PROMPT` or `$RPROMPT` and call
`python-info` in the `prompt_name_preexec` hook function.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][5].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)
  - [Sebastian Wiesner](https://github.com/lunaryorn)

[1]: http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0370/
[2]: http://www.doughellmann.com/projects/virtualenvwrapper/
[3]: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/virtualenv
[4]: https://github.com/yyuu/pyenv
[5]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
[6]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/blob/master/runcoms/zshenv

Commit message:

Added conda virtualenv support to python module. (#1505)
* Added conda virtualenv support to python module
* Added instructions for Python module options to README

Thanks to @egpbos for the original feature and @ickc for fixing the merge conflicts.

modules/python/README.md, after:

Python
======

Enables local Python and local Python package installation.

Settings
--------

This module supports virtual environments from conda and virtualenvwrapper. By default, only virtualenvwrapper is enabled. To disable virtualenvwrapper, add the following to *zpreztorc*.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:python' skip-virtualenvwrapper-init 'on'

Conda support is enabled by adding the following to *zpreztorc*.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:python' conda-init 'on'

Caution: using conda and virtualenvwrapper at the same time may cause conflicts.

Local Python Installation
-------------------------

[pyenv][4] builds and installs multiple Python versions locally in the home
directory.

This module prepends the pyenv directory to the path variable to enable the
execution of `pyenv`.

### Usage

Install Python versions with `pyenv install` into `~/.pyenv/versions`.

Local Package Installation
--------------------------

Since version 2.6, Python supports per user package installation, as defined in
[PEP 370][1].

This module prepends per user site directories to the relevant path variables
to enable the execution of user installed scripts and the reading of
documentation.

### Usage

Install packages into the per user site directory with `pip install --user`.

virtualenvwrapper
-----------------

[`virtualenvwrapper`][2] is a frontend to the popular [`virtualenv`][3] utility.

`virtualenv` creates isolated Python environments and `virtualenvwrapper` provides
convenient shell functions to create, switch, and manage them.

### Usage

Install `virtualenvwrapper`.

Virtual environments are stored in `~/.virtualenvs`.

There are configuration variables that have to be set to enable certain features.
If you wish to use these features, export the variables in [`zshenv`][6].

The variable `$PROJECT_HOME` tells `virtualenvwrapper` where to place project
working directories. It must be set and the directory created before `mkproject`
is used. Replace *Developer* with your projects directory.

```sh
export PROJECT_HOME="$HOME/Developer"
```

The variable `VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_PYTHON` tells `virtualenvwrapper` to use the
specified full path of the `python` interpreter overriding the `$PATH` search.

```sh
export VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_PYTHON=/usr/local/bin/python
```

The variable `VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_VIRTUALENV` tells `virtualenvwrapper` to use the
specified full path of `virtualenv` binary overriding the `$PATH` search.

```sh
export VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_VIRTUALENV=/usr/local/bin/virtualenv
```

The variable `$VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_VIRTUALENV_ARGS` tells `virtualenvwrapper` what
arguments to pass to `virtualenv`. For example, set the value to
`--system-site-packages` to ensure that all new environments have access to the
system site-packages directory.

```sh
export VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_VIRTUALENV_ARGS='--system-site-packages'
```

### Additional Options

There is a hook to enable auto-switching to virtualenvs when switching into a
directory where the root of the project matches a virtualenv name.

This can be enabled with:

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:python:virtualenv' auto-switch 'yes'
```

`virtualenvwrapper` is automatically initialized if pre-requisites are met
(`$VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_VIRTUALENV` is explicitly set or `virtualenv` is in
`$PATH`). This can be disabled with:

```
zstyle ':prezto:module:python:virtualenv' initialize 'no'
```

Aliases
-------

  - `py` is short for `python`.
  - `py2` is short for `python2`.
  - `py3` is short for `python3`.

Functions
---------

  - `python-info` exposes information about the Python environment via the
    `$python_info` associative array.

Theming
-------

To display the name of the current virtual enviroment in a prompt, define the
following style in the `prompt_name_setup` function.

    # %v - virtualenv name.
    zstyle ':prezto:module:python:info:virtualenv' format 'virtualenv:%v'

Then add `$python_info[virtualenv]` to `$PROMPT` or `$RPROMPT` and call
`python-info` in the `prompt_name_preexec` hook function.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][5].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)
  - [Sebastian Wiesner](https://github.com/lunaryorn)

[1]: http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0370/
[2]: http://www.doughellmann.com/projects/virtualenvwrapper/
[3]: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/virtualenv
[4]: https://github.com/yyuu/pyenv
[5]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
[6]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/blob/master/runcoms/zshenv
