modules/git/README.md, before:

Git
===

Enhances the [Git][1] distributed version control system by providing aliases,
functions and by exposing repository status information to prompts.

Git **1.7.2** is the [minimum required version][7].

Settings
--------

### Log

The format of the [git-log][8] output is configurable via the following style,
where context is *brief*, *oneline*, and *medium*, which will be passed to the
`--pretty=format:` switch.

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:log:context' format ''
```

### Status

Retrieving the status of a repository with submodules can take a long time.
Submodules may be ignored when they are *dirty*, *untracked*, *all*, or *none*.

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:status:ignore' submodules 'all'
```

This setting affects all aliases and functions that call `git-status`.

Aliases
-------

Aliases are enabled by default. You can disable them with:

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:alias' skip 'yes'
```

### Git

  - `g` is short for `git`.

### Branch

  - `gb` lists, creates, renames, and deletes branches.
  - `gbc` creates a new branch.
  - `gbl` lists branches and their commits. (also `gbv`)
  - `gbL` lists all local and remote branches and their commits.
  - `gbr` renames a branch. (also `gbm`)
  - `gbR` renames a branch even if the new branch name already exists. (also
    `gbM`)
  - `gbs` lists branches and their commits with ancestry graphs.
  - `gbS` lists local and remote branches and their commits with ancestry
    graphs.
  - `gbV` lists branches with more verbose information about their commits.
  - `gbx` deletes a branch. (also `gbd`)
  - `gbX` deletes a branch irrespective of its merged status. (also `gbD`)


### Commit

  - `gc` records changes to the repository.
  - `gca` stages all modified and deleted files.
  - `gcm` records changes to the repository with the given message.
  - `gcS` records changes to the repository. (Signed)
  - `gcSa` stages all modified and deleted files. (Signed)
  - `gcSm` records changes to the repository with the given message. (Signed)  - `gco`  checks out a branch or paths to work tree.
  - `gcam` stages all modified and deleted files, and records changes to the repository with the given message.
  - `gco` checks out a branch or paths to work tree.
  - `gcO` checks out hunks from the index or the tree interactively.
  - `gcf` amends the tip of the current branch using the same log message as *HEAD*.
  - `gcSf` amends the tip of the current branch using the same log message as *HEAD*. (Signed)
  - `gcF` amends the tip of the current branch.
  - `gcSF` amends the tip of the current branch. (Signed)
  - `gcp` applies changes introduced by existing commits.
  - `gcP` applies changes introduced by existing commits without committing.
  - `gcr` reverts existing commits by reverting patches and recording new
     commits.
  - `gcR` removes the *HEAD* commit.
  - `gcs` displays various types of objects.
  - `gcl` lists lost commits.

### Conflict

  - `gCl` lists unmerged files.
  - `gCa` adds unmerged file contents to the index.
  - `gCe` executes merge-tool on all unmerged file.
  - `gCo` checks out our changes for unmerged paths.
  - `gCO` checks out our changes for all unmerged paths.
  - `gCt` checks out their changes for unmerged paths.
  - `gCT` checks out their changes for all unmerged paths.

### Data

  - `gd` displays information about files in the index and the work tree.
  - `gdc` lists cached files.
  - `gdx` lists deleted files.
  - `gdm` lists modified files.
  - `gdu` lists untracked files.
  - `gdk` lists killed files.
  - `gdi` lists ignored files.

### Fetch

  - `gf` downloads objects and references from another repository.
  - `gfa` downloads objects and references from all remote repositories.
  - `gfc` clones a repository into a new directory.
  - `gfcr` clones a repository into a new directory including all submodules.
  - `gfm` fetches from and merges with another repository or local branch.
  - `gfr` fetches from and rebases on another repository or local branch.

### Flow

  - `gFi` is short for `git flow init`

#### Feature

  - `gFf` is short for `git flow feature`
  - `gFfl` is short for `git flow feature list`
  - `gFfs` is short for `git flow feature start`
  - `gFff` is short for `git flow feature finish`
  - `gFfp` is short for `git flow feature publish`
  - `gFft` is short for `git flow feature track`
  - `gFfd` is short for `git flow feature diff`
  - `gFfr` is short for `git flow feature rebase`
  - `gFfc` is short for `git flow feature checkout`
  - `gFfm` is short for `git flow feature pull`
  - `gFfx` is short for `git flow feature delete`

#### Bugfix

  - `gFb` is short for `git flow bugfix`
  - `gFbl` is short for `git flow bugfix list`
  - `gFbs` is short for `git flow bugfix start`
  - `gFbf` is short for `git flow bugfix finish`
  - `gFbp` is short for `git flow bugfix publish`
  - `gFbt` is short for `git flow bugfix track`
  - `gFbd` is short for `git flow bugfix diff`
  - `gFbr` is short for `git flow bugfix rebase`
  - `gFbc` is short for `git flow bugfix checkout`
  - `gFbm` is short for `git flow bugfix pull`
  - `gFbx` is short for `git flow bugfix delete`

#### Release

  - `gFl` is short for `git flow release`
  - `gFll` is short for `git flow release list`
  - `gFls` is short for `git flow release start`
  - `gFlf` is short for `git flow release finish`
  - `gFlp` is short for `git flow release publish`
  - `gFlt` is short for `git flow release track`
  - `gFld` is short for `git flow release diff`
  - `gFlr` is short for `git flow release rebase`
  - `gFlc` is short for `git flow release checkout`
  - `gFlm` is short for `git flow release pull`
  - `gFlx` is short for `git flow release delete`

#### Hotfix

  - `gFh` is short for `git flow hotfix`
  - `gFhl` is short for `git flow hotfix list`
  - `gFhs` is short for `git flow hotfix start`
  - `gFhf` is short for `git flow hotfix finish`
  - `gFhp` is short for `git flow hotfix publish`
  - `gFht` is short for `git flow hotfix track`
  - `gFhd` is short for `git flow hotfix diff`
  - `gFhr` is short for `git flow hotfix rebase`
  - `gFhc` is short for `git flow hotfix checkout`
  - `gFhm` is short for `git flow hotfix pull`
  - `gFhx` is short for `git flow hotfix delete`

#### Support

  - `gFs` is short for `git flow support`
  - `gFsl` is short for `git flow support list`
  - `gFss` is short for `git flow support start`
  - `gFsf` is short for `git flow support finish`
  - `gFsp` is short for `git flow support publish`
  - `gFst` is short for `git flow support track`
  - `gFsd` is short for `git flow support diff`
  - `gFsr` is short for `git flow support rebase`
  - `gFsc` is short for `git flow support checkout`
  - `gFsm` is short for `git flow support pull`
  - `gFsx` is short for `git flow support delete`

### Grep

  - `gg` displays lines matching a pattern.
  - `ggi` displays lines matching a pattern ignoring case.
  - `ggl` lists files matching a pattern.
  - `ggL` lists files that are not matching a pattern.
  - `ggv` displays lines not matching a pattern.
  - `ggw` displays lines matching a pattern at word boundary.

### Index

  - `gia` adds file contents to the index.
  - `giA` adds file contents to the index interactively.
  - `giu` adds file contents to the index (updates only known files).
  - `gid` displays changes between the index and a named commit (diff).
  - `giD` displays changes between the index and a named commit (word diff).
  - `gii` temporarily ignore differences in a given file.
  - `giI` unignore differences in a given file.
  - `gir` resets the current HEAD to the specified state.
  - `giR` resets the current index interactively.
  - `gix` removes files/directories from the index (recursively).
  - `giX` removes files/directories from the index (recursively and forced).

### Log

  - `gl` displays the log.
  - `gls` displays the stats log.
  - `gld` displays the diff log.
  - `glo` displays the one line log.
  - `glg` displays the graph log.
  - `glb` displays the brief commit log.
  - `glc` displays the commit count for each contributor in descending order.

### Merge

  - `gm` joins two or more development histories together.
  - `gmC` joins two or more development histories together but does not commit.
  - `gmF` joins two or more development histories together but does not commit
     generating a merge commit even if the merge resolved as a fast-forward.
  - `gma` aborts the conflict resolution, and reconstructs the pre-merge state.
  - `gmt` runs the merge conflict resolution tools to resolve conflicts.

### Push

  - `gp` updates remote refs along with associated objects.
  - `gpf` forcefully updates remote refs along with associated objects.
  - `gpa` updates remote branches along with associated objects.
  - `gpA` updates remote branches and tags along with associated objects.
  - `gpt` updates remote tags along with associated objects.
  - `gpc` updates remote refs along with associated objects and adds *origin*
     as an upstream reference for the current branch.
  - `gpp` pulls and pushes from origin to origin.

### Rebase

  - `gr` forward-ports local commits to the updated upstream head.
  - `gra` aborts the rebase.
  - `grc` continues the rebase after merge conflicts are resolved.
  - `gri` makes a list of commits to be rebased and opens the editor.
  - `grs` skips the current patch.

### Remote

  - `gR` manages tracked repositories.
  - `gRl` lists remote names and their URLs.
  - `gRa` adds a new remote.
  - `gRx` removes a remote.
  - `gRm` renames a remote.
  - `gRu` fetches remotes updates.
  - `gRp` prunes all stale remote tracking branches.
  - `gRs` displays information about a given remote.
  - `gRb` opens a remote on [GitHub][3] in the default browser.

### Stash

  - `gs` stashes the changes of the dirty working directory.
  - `gsa` applies the changes recorded in a stash to the working directory.
  - `gsx` drops a stashed state.
  - `gsX` drops all the stashed states.
  - `gsl` lists stashed states.
  - `gsL` lists dropped stashed states.
  - `gsd` displays changes between the stash and its original parent.
  - `gsp` removes and applies a single stashed state from the stash list.
  - `gsr` recovers a given stashed state.
  - `gss` stashes the changes of the dirty working directory, including untracked.
  - `gsS` stashes the changes of the dirty working directory interactively.
  - `gsw` stashes the changes of the dirty working directory retaining the index.

### Submodule

  - `gS` initializes, updates, or inspects submodules.
  - `gSa` adds given a repository as a submodule.
  - `gSf` evaluates a shell command in each of checked out submodules.
  - `gSi` initializes submodules.
  - `gSI` initializes and clones submodules recursively.
  - `gSl` lists the commits of all submodules.
  - `gSm` moves a submodule.
  - `gSs` synchronizes submodules' remote URL to the value specified in
    .gitmodules.
  - `gSu` fetches and merges the latest changes for all submodule.
  - `gSx` removes a submodule.

### Tag

  - `gt` lists tags or creates tag.
  - `gtl` lists tags matching pattern.

### Working directory

  - `gws` displays working-tree status in the short format.
  - `gwS` displays working-tree status.
  - `gwd` displays changes between the working tree and the index (diff).
  - `gwD` displays changes between the working tree and the index (word diff).
  - `gwr` resets the current HEAD to the specified state, does not touch the
     index nor the working tree.
  - `gwR` resets the current HEAD, index and working tree to the specified state.
  - `gwc` removes untracked files from the working tree (dry-run).
  - `gwC` removes untracked files from the working tree.
  - `gwx` removes files from the working tree and from the index recursively.
  - `gwX` removes files from the working tree and from the index recursively and
    forcefully.

### Shadows

The following aliases may shadow system commands:

  - `gb` shadows the [GB][9].
  - `gm` shadows the [Graphics Magick image processor][11].
  - `gpt` shadows the [GUID partition table maintenance utility][4].
  - `gs` shadows the [Ghostscript interpreter and previewer][5].

If you frequently use the above commands, you may wish to remove said aliases
from this module or to disable them at the bottom of the zshrc with `unalias`.

You can temporarily bypass an alias by prefixing it with a backward slash:
`\gpt`.

Functions
---------

  - `git-branch-current` displays the current branch.
  - `git-commit-lost` lists lost commits.
  - `git-dir` displays the path to the Git directory.
  - `git-hub-browse` opens the [GitHub][3] repository in the default browser.
  - `git-hub-shorten-url` shortens [GitHub URLs][10].
  - `git-info` exposes repository information via the `$git_info` associative
    array.
  - `git-root` displays the path to the working tree root.
  - `git-stash-clear-interactive` asks for confirmation before clearing the stash.
  - `git-stash-dropped` lists dropped stashed states.
  - `git-stash-recover` recovers given dropped stashed states.
  - `git-submodule-move` moves a submodule.
  - `git-submodule-remove` removes a submodule.

Theming
-------

To display information about the current repository in a prompt, define the
following styles in the `prompt_name_setup` function, where the syntax for
setting a style is as follows.

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:info:context:subcontext' format 'string'
```

### Main Contexts

| Name      | Format Code | Description
| --------- | :---------: | ---------------------------------------------------
| action    |     %s      | Special action name
| ahead     |     %A      | Commits ahead of remote count
| behind    |     %B      | Commits behind of remote count
| branch    |     %b      | Branch name
| commit    |     %c      | Commit hash
| position  |     %p      | Commits from the nearest tag count
| remote    |     %R      | Remote name
| stashed   |     %S      | Stashed states count

### Concise Contexts

| Name      | Format Code | Description
| --------- | :---------: | ---------------------------------------------------
| clean     |     %C      | Clean state
| dirty     |     %D      | Dirty files count
| indexed   |     %i      | Indexed files count
| unindexed |     %I      | Unindexed files count
| untracked |     %u      | Untracked files count

The following contexts must be enabled with the following zstyle:

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:info' verbose 'yes'
```

### Verbose Contexts

| Name      | Format Code | Description
| --------- | :---------: | ---------------------------------------------------
| added     |     %a      | Added files count
| clean     |     %C      | Clean state
| deleted   |     %d      | Deleted files count
| dirty     |     %D      | Dirty files count
| modified  |     %m      | Modified files count
| renamed   |     %r      | Renamed files count
| unmerged  |     %U      | Unmerged files count
| untracked |     %u      | Untracked files count

### Special Action Contexts

| Name                 |   Format    | Description
| -------------------- | :---------: | -----------------------------------------
| apply                |    value    | Applying patches
| bisect               |    value    | Binary searching for changes
| cherry-pick          |    value    | Cherry picking
| cherry-pick-sequence |    value    | Cherry picking sequence
| merge                |    value    | Merging
| rebase               |    value    | Rebasing
| rebase-interactive   |    value    | Rebasing interactively
| rebase-merge         |    value    | Rebasing merge
| revert               |    value    | Reverting
| revert-sequence      |    value    | Reverting sequence

First, format the repository state attributes. For example, to format the branch
and remote names, define the following styles.

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:info:branch' format 'branch:%b'
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:info:remote' format 'remote:%R'
```

Second, format how the above attributes are displayed in prompts.

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:info:keys' format \
  'prompt'  ' git(%b)' \
  'rprompt' '[%R]'
```

Last, add `$git_info[prompt]` to `$PROMPT` and `$git_info[rprompt]` to
`$RPROMPT` respectively and call `git-info` in the `prompt_name_preexec` hook
function.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][6].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)
  - [Colin Hebert](https://github.com/ColinHebert)

[1]: http://www.git-scm.com
[2]: https://github.com/defunkt/hub
[3]: https://www.github.com
[4]: http://www.manpagez.com/man/8/gpt/
[5]: http://www.manpagez.com/man/1/gs/
[6]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
[7]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues/219
[8]: http://www.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/git-log.html
[9]: https://getgb.io/
[10]: https://github.com/blog/985-git-io-github-url-shortener
[11]: http://www.manpagez.com/man/1/gm/

Commit message:

Feat (git): add an alias displaying the commits yet to be applied to upstream (#1565)

modules/git/README.md, after:

Git
===

Enhances the [Git][1] distributed version control system by providing aliases,
functions and by exposing repository status information to prompts.

Git **1.7.2** is the [minimum required version][7].

Settings
--------

### Log

The format of the [git-log][8] output is configurable via the following style,
where context is *brief*, *oneline*, and *medium*, which will be passed to the
`--pretty=format:` switch.

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:log:context' format ''
```

### Status

Retrieving the status of a repository with submodules can take a long time.
Submodules may be ignored when they are *dirty*, *untracked*, *all*, or *none*.

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:status:ignore' submodules 'all'
```

This setting affects all aliases and functions that call `git-status`.

Aliases
-------

Aliases are enabled by default. You can disable them with:

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:alias' skip 'yes'
```

### Git

  - `g` is short for `git`.

### Branch

  - `gb` lists, creates, renames, and deletes branches.
  - `gbc` creates a new branch.
  - `gbl` lists branches and their commits. (also `gbv`)
  - `gbL` lists all local and remote branches and their commits.
  - `gbr` renames a branch. (also `gbm`)
  - `gbR` renames a branch even if the new branch name already exists. (also
    `gbM`)
  - `gbs` lists branches and their commits with ancestry graphs.
  - `gbS` lists local and remote branches and their commits with ancestry
    graphs.
  - `gbV` lists branches with more verbose information about their commits.
  - `gbx` deletes a branch. (also `gbd`)
  - `gbX` deletes a branch irrespective of its merged status. (also `gbD`)


### Commit

  - `gc` records changes to the repository.
  - `gca` stages all modified and deleted files.
  - `gcm` records changes to the repository with the given message.
  - `gcS` records changes to the repository. (Signed)
  - `gcSa` stages all modified and deleted files. (Signed)
  - `gcSm` records changes to the repository with the given message. (Signed)  - `gco`  checks out a branch or paths to work tree.
  - `gcam` stages all modified and deleted files, and records changes to the repository with the given message.
  - `gco` checks out a branch or paths to work tree.
  - `gcO` checks out hunks from the index or the tree interactively.
  - `gcf` amends the tip of the current branch using the same log message as *HEAD*.
  - `gcSf` amends the tip of the current branch using the same log message as *HEAD*. (Signed)
  - `gcF` amends the tip of the current branch.
  - `gcSF` amends the tip of the current branch. (Signed)
  - `gcp` applies changes introduced by existing commits.
  - `gcP` applies changes introduced by existing commits without committing.
  - `gcr` reverts existing commits by reverting patches and recording new
     commits.
  - `gcR` removes the *HEAD* commit.
  - `gcs` displays various types of objects.
  - `gcl` lists lost commits.
  - `gcy` displays commits yet to be applied to upstream in the short format.
  - `gcY` displays commits yet to be applied to upstream.

### Conflict

  - `gCl` lists unmerged files.
  - `gCa` adds unmerged file contents to the index.
  - `gCe` executes merge-tool on all unmerged file.
  - `gCo` checks out our changes for unmerged paths.
  - `gCO` checks out our changes for all unmerged paths.
  - `gCt` checks out their changes for unmerged paths.
  - `gCT` checks out their changes for all unmerged paths.

### Data

  - `gd` displays information about files in the index and the work tree.
  - `gdc` lists cached files.
  - `gdx` lists deleted files.
  - `gdm` lists modified files.
  - `gdu` lists untracked files.
  - `gdk` lists killed files.
  - `gdi` lists ignored files.

### Fetch

  - `gf` downloads objects and references from another repository.
  - `gfa` downloads objects and references from all remote repositories.
  - `gfc` clones a repository into a new directory.
  - `gfcr` clones a repository into a new directory including all submodules.
  - `gfm` fetches from and merges with another repository or local branch.
  - `gfr` fetches from and rebases on another repository or local branch.

### Flow

  - `gFi` is short for `git flow init`

#### Feature

  - `gFf` is short for `git flow feature`
  - `gFfl` is short for `git flow feature list`
  - `gFfs` is short for `git flow feature start`
  - `gFff` is short for `git flow feature finish`
  - `gFfp` is short for `git flow feature publish`
  - `gFft` is short for `git flow feature track`
  - `gFfd` is short for `git flow feature diff`
  - `gFfr` is short for `git flow feature rebase`
  - `gFfc` is short for `git flow feature checkout`
  - `gFfm` is short for `git flow feature pull`
  - `gFfx` is short for `git flow feature delete`

#### Bugfix

  - `gFb` is short for `git flow bugfix`
  - `gFbl` is short for `git flow bugfix list`
  - `gFbs` is short for `git flow bugfix start`
  - `gFbf` is short for `git flow bugfix finish`
  - `gFbp` is short for `git flow bugfix publish`
  - `gFbt` is short for `git flow bugfix track`
  - `gFbd` is short for `git flow bugfix diff`
  - `gFbr` is short for `git flow bugfix rebase`
  - `gFbc` is short for `git flow bugfix checkout`
  - `gFbm` is short for `git flow bugfix pull`
  - `gFbx` is short for `git flow bugfix delete`

#### Release

  - `gFl` is short for `git flow release`
  - `gFll` is short for `git flow release list`
  - `gFls` is short for `git flow release start`
  - `gFlf` is short for `git flow release finish`
  - `gFlp` is short for `git flow release publish`
  - `gFlt` is short for `git flow release track`
  - `gFld` is short for `git flow release diff`
  - `gFlr` is short for `git flow release rebase`
  - `gFlc` is short for `git flow release checkout`
  - `gFlm` is short for `git flow release pull`
  - `gFlx` is short for `git flow release delete`

#### Hotfix

  - `gFh` is short for `git flow hotfix`
  - `gFhl` is short for `git flow hotfix list`
  - `gFhs` is short for `git flow hotfix start`
  - `gFhf` is short for `git flow hotfix finish`
  - `gFhp` is short for `git flow hotfix publish`
  - `gFht` is short for `git flow hotfix track`
  - `gFhd` is short for `git flow hotfix diff`
  - `gFhr` is short for `git flow hotfix rebase`
  - `gFhc` is short for `git flow hotfix checkout`
  - `gFhm` is short for `git flow hotfix pull`
  - `gFhx` is short for `git flow hotfix delete`

#### Support

  - `gFs` is short for `git flow support`
  - `gFsl` is short for `git flow support list`
  - `gFss` is short for `git flow support start`
  - `gFsf` is short for `git flow support finish`
  - `gFsp` is short for `git flow support publish`
  - `gFst` is short for `git flow support track`
  - `gFsd` is short for `git flow support diff`
  - `gFsr` is short for `git flow support rebase`
  - `gFsc` is short for `git flow support checkout`
  - `gFsm` is short for `git flow support pull`
  - `gFsx` is short for `git flow support delete`

### Grep

  - `gg` displays lines matching a pattern.
  - `ggi` displays lines matching a pattern ignoring case.
  - `ggl` lists files matching a pattern.
  - `ggL` lists files that are not matching a pattern.
  - `ggv` displays lines not matching a pattern.
  - `ggw` displays lines matching a pattern at word boundary.

### Index

  - `gia` adds file contents to the index.
  - `giA` adds file contents to the index interactively.
  - `giu` adds file contents to the index (updates only known files).
  - `gid` displays changes between the index and a named commit (diff).
  - `giD` displays changes between the index and a named commit (word diff).
  - `gii` temporarily ignore differences in a given file.
  - `giI` unignore differences in a given file.
  - `gir` resets the current HEAD to the specified state.
  - `giR` resets the current index interactively.
  - `gix` removes files/directories from the index (recursively).
  - `giX` removes files/directories from the index (recursively and forced).

### Log

  - `gl` displays the log.
  - `gls` displays the stats log.
  - `gld` displays the diff log.
  - `glo` displays the one line log.
  - `glg` displays the graph log.
  - `glb` displays the brief commit log.
  - `glc` displays the commit count for each contributor in descending order.

### Merge

  - `gm` joins two or more development histories together.
  - `gmC` joins two or more development histories together but does not commit.
  - `gmF` joins two or more development histories together but does not commit
     generating a merge commit even if the merge resolved as a fast-forward.
  - `gma` aborts the conflict resolution, and reconstructs the pre-merge state.
  - `gmt` runs the merge conflict resolution tools to resolve conflicts.

### Push

  - `gp` updates remote refs along with associated objects.
  - `gpf` forcefully updates remote refs along with associated objects.
  - `gpa` updates remote branches along with associated objects.
  - `gpA` updates remote branches and tags along with associated objects.
  - `gpt` updates remote tags along with associated objects.
  - `gpc` updates remote refs along with associated objects and adds *origin*
     as an upstream reference for the current branch.
  - `gpp` pulls and pushes from origin to origin.

### Rebase

  - `gr` forward-ports local commits to the updated upstream head.
  - `gra` aborts the rebase.
  - `grc` continues the rebase after merge conflicts are resolved.
  - `gri` makes a list of commits to be rebased and opens the editor.
  - `grs` skips the current patch.

### Remote

  - `gR` manages tracked repositories.
  - `gRl` lists remote names and their URLs.
  - `gRa` adds a new remote.
  - `gRx` removes a remote.
  - `gRm` renames a remote.
  - `gRu` fetches remotes updates.
  - `gRp` prunes all stale remote tracking branches.
  - `gRs` displays information about a given remote.
  - `gRb` opens a remote on [GitHub][3] in the default browser.

### Stash

  - `gs` stashes the changes of the dirty working directory.
  - `gsa` applies the changes recorded in a stash to the working directory.
  - `gsx` drops a stashed state.
  - `gsX` drops all the stashed states.
  - `gsl` lists stashed states.
  - `gsL` lists dropped stashed states.
  - `gsd` displays changes between the stash and its original parent.
  - `gsp` removes and applies a single stashed state from the stash list.
  - `gsr` recovers a given stashed state.
  - `gss` stashes the changes of the dirty working directory, including untracked.
  - `gsS` stashes the changes of the dirty working directory interactively.
  - `gsw` stashes the changes of the dirty working directory retaining the index.

### Submodule

  - `gS` initializes, updates, or inspects submodules.
  - `gSa` adds given a repository as a submodule.
  - `gSf` evaluates a shell command in each of checked out submodules.
  - `gSi` initializes submodules.
  - `gSI` initializes and clones submodules recursively.
  - `gSl` lists the commits of all submodules.
  - `gSm` moves a submodule.
  - `gSs` synchronizes submodules' remote URL to the value specified in
    .gitmodules.
  - `gSu` fetches and merges the latest changes for all submodule.
  - `gSx` removes a submodule.

### Tag

  - `gt` lists tags or creates tag.
  - `gtl` lists tags matching pattern.

### Working directory

  - `gws` displays working-tree status in the short format.
  - `gwS` displays working-tree status.
  - `gwd` displays changes between the working tree and the index (diff).
  - `gwD` displays changes between the working tree and the index (word diff).
  - `gwr` resets the current HEAD to the specified state, does not touch the
     index nor the working tree.
  - `gwR` resets the current HEAD, index and working tree to the specified state.
  - `gwc` removes untracked files from the working tree (dry-run).
  - `gwC` removes untracked files from the working tree.
  - `gwx` removes files from the working tree and from the index recursively.
  - `gwX` removes files from the working tree and from the index recursively and
    forcefully.

### Shadows

The following aliases may shadow system commands:

  - `gb` shadows the [GB][9].
  - `gm` shadows the [Graphics Magick image processor][11].
  - `gpt` shadows the [GUID partition table maintenance utility][4].
  - `gs` shadows the [Ghostscript interpreter and previewer][5].

If you frequently use the above commands, you may wish to remove said aliases
from this module or to disable them at the bottom of the zshrc with `unalias`.

You can temporarily bypass an alias by prefixing it with a backward slash:
`\gpt`.

Functions
---------

  - `git-branch-current` displays the current branch.
  - `git-commit-lost` lists lost commits.
  - `git-dir` displays the path to the Git directory.
  - `git-hub-browse` opens the [GitHub][3] repository in the default browser.
  - `git-hub-shorten-url` shortens [GitHub URLs][10].
  - `git-info` exposes repository information via the `$git_info` associative
    array.
  - `git-root` displays the path to the working tree root.
  - `git-stash-clear-interactive` asks for confirmation before clearing the stash.
  - `git-stash-dropped` lists dropped stashed states.
  - `git-stash-recover` recovers given dropped stashed states.
  - `git-submodule-move` moves a submodule.
  - `git-submodule-remove` removes a submodule.

Theming
-------

To display information about the current repository in a prompt, define the
following styles in the `prompt_name_setup` function, where the syntax for
setting a style is as follows.

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:info:context:subcontext' format 'string'
```

### Main Contexts

| Name      | Format Code | Description
| --------- | :---------: | ---------------------------------------------------
| action    |     %s      | Special action name
| ahead     |     %A      | Commits ahead of remote count
| behind    |     %B      | Commits behind of remote count
| branch    |     %b      | Branch name
| commit    |     %c      | Commit hash
| position  |     %p      | Commits from the nearest tag count
| remote    |     %R      | Remote name
| stashed   |     %S      | Stashed states count

### Concise Contexts

| Name      | Format Code | Description
| --------- | :---------: | ---------------------------------------------------
| clean     |     %C      | Clean state
| dirty     |     %D      | Dirty files count
| indexed   |     %i      | Indexed files count
| unindexed |     %I      | Unindexed files count
| untracked |     %u      | Untracked files count

The following contexts must be enabled with the following zstyle:

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:info' verbose 'yes'
```

### Verbose Contexts

| Name      | Format Code | Description
| --------- | :---------: | ---------------------------------------------------
| added     |     %a      | Added files count
| clean     |     %C      | Clean state
| deleted   |     %d      | Deleted files count
| dirty     |     %D      | Dirty files count
| modified  |     %m      | Modified files count
| renamed   |     %r      | Renamed files count
| unmerged  |     %U      | Unmerged files count
| untracked |     %u      | Untracked files count

### Special Action Contexts

| Name                 |   Format    | Description
| -------------------- | :---------: | -----------------------------------------
| apply                |    value    | Applying patches
| bisect               |    value    | Binary searching for changes
| cherry-pick          |    value    | Cherry picking
| cherry-pick-sequence |    value    | Cherry picking sequence
| merge                |    value    | Merging
| rebase               |    value    | Rebasing
| rebase-interactive   |    value    | Rebasing interactively
| rebase-merge         |    value    | Rebasing merge
| revert               |    value    | Reverting
| revert-sequence      |    value    | Reverting sequence

First, format the repository state attributes. For example, to format the branch
and remote names, define the following styles.

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:info:branch' format 'branch:%b'
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:info:remote' format 'remote:%R'
```

Second, format how the above attributes are displayed in prompts.

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:git:info:keys' format \
  'prompt'  ' git(%b)' \
  'rprompt' '[%R]'
```

Last, add `$git_info[prompt]` to `$PROMPT` and `$git_info[rprompt]` to
`$RPROMPT` respectively and call `git-info` in the `prompt_name_preexec` hook
function.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][6].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)
  - [Colin Hebert](https://github.com/ColinHebert)

[1]: http://www.git-scm.com
[2]: https://github.com/defunkt/hub
[3]: https://www.github.com
[4]: http://www.manpagez.com/man/8/gpt/
[5]: http://www.manpagez.com/man/1/gs/
[6]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
[7]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues/219
[8]: http://www.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/git-log.html
[9]: https://getgb.io/
[10]: https://github.com/blog/985-git-io-github-url-shortener
[11]: http://www.manpagez.com/man/1/gm/
