modules/syntax-highlighting/README.md, before:

Syntax Highlighting
===================

Integrates [zsh-syntax-highlighting][1] into Prezto.

This module should be loaded before the *prompt* module.

Additionally, if this module is used in conjunction with the
*history-substring-search* module, this module must be loaded **before** the
*history-substring-search* module.

Contributors
------------

New features and bug fixes should be submitted to the
[zsh-syntax-highlighting][1] project according to its rules and regulations.
This module will be synchronized against it.

Settings
--------

### Highlighting

To enable highlighting for this module only, add the following line to
*zpreztorc*:

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:syntax-highlighting' color 'yes'
```

### Highlighters

Syntax highlighting is accomplished by pluggable [highlighters][2]. This module
only enables the *main* highlighter by default.

To enable all highlighters, add the following to *zpreztorc*:

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:syntax-highlighting' highlighters \
  'main' \
  'brackets' \
  'pattern' \
  'line' \
  'cursor' \
  'root'
```

### Highlighting Styles

Each syntax highlighter defines styles used to highlight tokens.

To highlight, for example, builtins, commands, and functions in blue instead of
green, add the following to *zpreztorc*:

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:syntax-highlighting' styles \
  'builtin' 'bg=blue' \
  'command' 'bg=blue' \
  'function' 'bg=blue'
```

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][3].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)

[1]: https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
[2]: https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting/tree/master/highlighters
[3]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues

Commit message:

syntax-highlighting: Further clarify relative module ordering

modules/syntax-highlighting/README.md, after:

Syntax Highlighting
===================

Integrates [zsh-syntax-highlighting][1] into Prezto.

This module should be loaded before the *prompt* module.

Additionally, if this module is used in conjunction with the
*history-substring-search* module, this module must be loaded **before** the
*history-substring-search* module.

To elaborate: The relative order of loading the modules would be 
'syntax-highlighting', 'history-substring-search' and 'prompt'.

Contributors
------------

New features and bug fixes should be submitted to the
[zsh-syntax-highlighting][1] project according to its rules and regulations.
This module will be synchronized against it.

Settings
--------

### Highlighting

To enable highlighting for this module only, add the following line to
*zpreztorc*:

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:syntax-highlighting' color 'yes'
```

### Highlighters

Syntax highlighting is accomplished by pluggable [highlighters][2]. This module
only enables the *main* highlighter by default.

To enable all highlighters, add the following to *zpreztorc*:

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:syntax-highlighting' highlighters \
  'main' \
  'brackets' \
  'pattern' \
  'line' \
  'cursor' \
  'root'
```

### Highlighting Styles

Each syntax highlighter defines styles used to highlight tokens.

To highlight, for example, builtins, commands, and functions in blue instead of
green, add the following to *zpreztorc*:

```sh
zstyle ':prezto:module:syntax-highlighting' styles \
  'builtin' 'bg=blue' \
  'command' 'bg=blue' \
  'function' 'bg=blue'
```

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][3].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)

[1]: https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
[2]: https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting/tree/master/highlighters
[3]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
